[Autogenerated] So, in fact,
behind the curtain on many things that happened here,
an instance of Tomcat has been configured and
launched and added to this service you.
Our Web application has been deployed in this Tomcat Web server
on the browser has been launched in eclipse.
Let us make a modification to our pager.
This is our welcome page.
You can see that quickly.
We were replication transited from the state,
synchronized republish and synchronize again A.
If we refresh this page,
the new message is appearing so automatically When a
modification is made in the web application,
this web application will be reloaded in Tomcat.
Here we have a very simple way replication with just a single HTML page.
So reloading it in Tomcat is very fast.
If we have a bigger web application, the with many classes,
many services this reloading might take a few seconds.
Reloading automatically on a modification may not be what
you want to configure that all you have to do is double
click on this Tomcat Web server.
Here it opens the overview configuration of the Web server.
And here in publishing, you just need to click this button.
Never publish automatically.
You can save this configuration by pressing control s.
And now that it's modify this Messager Nice welcome pager.
You see that the server on the Web application stays a in
the Republic state And to trigger the publication A you
need to click this button here, publish to the server.
Let us do that.
The server is now synchronized with our way replication.
Reloading. The page here will show the new state of our HTML page.